Miss
It has been confirmed that Ye Yan is in the First People's Hospital
In addition, a bronze invitation letter to the Wang family
It's ready.
I also heard
Mr. Ye insists on going his own way and asking a genius doctor
The side signature is his sister.
Doctor
Immortal pill, could it be that he really saved me?
Immediately go to the hospital to give an invitation letter Yes
Why every night
You'd rather risk your sister's life
You don't want to bow your head?
I also act
You trash and still can't see reality
If you die today, even if you break your head
He can't survive if he breaks it.
You have to remember
You killed your sister
Come on
Hurry up and push it to the morgue
Don't be Liu Shao's eyes
I can't take it anymore
My brother-in-law will surely die
Bullshit.
If the sun could wash today
I will kneel with you once
Call you grandpa
Ahhh
Really? How is that possible?
A mere pill to subdue the dragon to cure the evil strange
Who are you?
You kneel down for me